in front of me right now are VTech
products made by the world's biggest
celebrities everything from smart
watches that replace your smartphone to
microphones that make you sing better to
Cyclone powerered popcorn machines so
have these celebrities used their
special talents to make something
genuinely amazing or have they actually
just abused their Fame to sell you a
load of hot garbage time to find out
with our lovely homemade ratings chart
and let's actually go in order of how
famous the person is starting with Will
I Am who already has a very respectable
1.6 million Instagram followers and he
has made a smartwatch called the dial
holy cow this packaging is amazing it
looks like a floor standing speaker and
here is the
watch why does it look like a handcuff
now the key selling point here is that
this thing has full smartphone
functionality and it runs on a voice
activated oper ow it's got such a strong
magnet it just ripped off my arm it runs
off a voice activated operating system
called an needer like I needer un Ely I
need a network connection to help you
first name I need a second name
connection the actual interface is fine
enough I guess it looks somewhat slick
and like a smart watch but it's pretty
clear the core functionality rests on it
communicating with some sort of server
that I am pretty certain the dude's just
taken down to be fair the quality isn't
terrible for a watch camera it's just
the colors need some work I look like a
Simpson I'm honestly not surprised it
barely works to be honest it it looks
like it doesn't even listen to Will I Am
himself
let's talk about
music do you feel like
eating but before we decide how low will
he go on our beautiful scoreboard we've
got two more products from the guy first
the super mask designed I guess to be
the Batman utility belt of face masks
okay so it's got a silicon seal that
goes over your nose it's got LED lights
on the outside two three-speed
ventilation fans and noise cancelling
bluetooth earbuds that magnetically dock
onto the mask when not in use to
broadcast your ear wax to the people
sitting on either side of you there's a
slightly bigger problem here this mask
is on its tightest setting right now the
one product where it's absolutely vital
that you create a complete seal and yet
there were two different sizes there was
small medium and then medium large but
between those two options I'm firmly in
the camp of medium large Joseph can I
just check I'm not being an idiot here
course so that's the tightest possible
setting yes see if it fits
[Music]
you no in the nicest way possible how
large would you say your head is uh all
my loved ones in my entire life I said
have got a fat head I always go for the
extra large and the minimal padding in
helmets if you wore the straps higher up
then does it fit no cuz then you got a
massive Gap here how do they make a face
mask that doesn't mask your face I'm
starting to get the feeling that
everyone's favorite pandemic doctor will
I am doesn't completely think things
through and finally we've got his
earphones called the buttons which
unlike basically every single other set
of earphones that do everything they can
to hide themselves these are designed to
like the buttons on your clothing
specifically be on show they're meant to
be the way for you to show the world you
love music by looking a lot like vinyl
records which also happen to snap
together with magnets dude what is it
with this guy and the insistence on
showing people the insides of your ears
so will I am is is not so bril I am I'm
going to give you a three mostly for the
effort oh wow this this one looks a lot
more budget than I was expecting it to
this is the IMT pain microphone and it's
oh it's packaged in that horrible sharp
plastic I guess so you can really feel
with te pain but this is actually a
pretty cool product idea because even if
you have no idea who Tain is I think
there's a pretty good chance that you've
heard tain's voice at some point it is
famously autotuned like so autotuned
that I have no idea what he sounds like
without the
autotune and so this can apparently give
that power to you oh God I hate this
although I'm actually the perfect
candidate to test this with because I
cannot sing so there's a record button
[Music]
here now click
play okay interesting it's time to whip
it out what I'm actually really upset
that you're going to hear my before
singing as well as my after we've known
each other for so long this a big moment
right here play we've known each other
for so
long I will take that that's the first
time I've ever heard myself singing
where I don't want to run and hide
myself under my bed in silence for the
next week there's another button here
which apparently allows you to drop a
dirty background track
[Music]
we've known each
other for so
long all
right we've known each
other for so long you know what I
actually like it no one would ever use
this to record real music but it's a lot
of fun and then when you're done press
these two buttons pull that off and this
is a USB port so you can download to
your computer the files of you singing
so this is the trailer for The Product
hey knock off that racket I will turn
this car
around everything sounds better with the
IMT pain mic you kids now play
Boom hey still noise one button te pain
effect I am T and I approve this
me so it's not just for performances
this is also a child discipline tool t p
is a marketing genius so Mr Tay not a
professional piece of equipment but does
what it says on the tin which is more
than we can say for some 5 out of 10 all
the way up at 7.1 million Instagram
followers now we've got Fernando Alonso
who depending on what you're into is
either going to be a massive deal or you
have no idea who I'm talking about
Alonso is a Spanish Formula 1 World
Champion currently driving for Aston
Martin but I love how he's put carting
world champion before F1 in his bio
guy's got his priorities straight and so
what he's done is built a Lifestyle
brand called kimoa off the back of his
racing career and in what might be the
most fitting product for a Formula 1
racing driver to make this is their
version of an e scooter at kimoa we
believe that life perseveres within
regardless of what occurs externally
this is why we love the Sun the Sea and
the light because they reflect a way of
being just as the sun rises internally
each day tell me you've used chat gbt
without telling me you've used chat gbt
doesn't exactly scream unique products
that have had lots of love put into them
though I do have an idea of where we can
test this we'll get to it oh this one's
fun so for some baffling reason
soundcloud's Golden Boy rapper Soldier
Boy you know this guy started selling
his own video game consoles in 2018 and
the Pinnacle of them released in 2021
was supposed to be the solder boy game
get it I think these are the cheapest
feeling earphones I've ever held I
remember the guy's Twitter marketing at
the time this thing wasn't just being
sold as a knockoff Game Boy it was
advertised with a 3.5 in touchscreen
Netflix Spotify and apple music right
out the box and it was supposedly going
to have some huge big brand big budget
games including fortnite and Call of
Duty long story short it became pretty
clear that the legendary soldja boy game
was actually just an existing gaming
handheld called the trdr pocket but in
red and after it turned out that it was
a scam and basically no one who bought
one seemed to receive one Soulja Boy
then started promising those buyers that
they would instead get an upgraded model
with AI that was now worth $400 and this
is that oh God this thing is so
reflective not a good choice of finish
for a gaming console so it runs Android
which means oh no the Call of Duty and
the fortnite games he's promised to
people they're just the mobile games
aren't they it doesn't even meet the
minimum requirements to run fortnite
fortnite on a phone does not have very
high minimum requirements uh it plays
the emulator okay it's not like the best
visual or frame rate experience but it's
it's not bad as an emulator the thing
has no shoulder buttons how am I meant
to drift without shoulder buttons okay
forget that let's test the AI the
supposedly lifechanging AI That's the
sole reason this thing's price was
increased from $200 to $400 hi Scarlet
what's the
weather tell me anything tell me
anything useful it crashed maybe I can
ask it to drift for me in racing game
since I have no shoulder buttons this
whole thing is just absolutely terrible
every angle of this sucks it's Android
11 so it's 4 years out of date I have
doubts about the update schedule on this
device oh and I really love this
Personal Touch he's added to the side of
the console he's angled the power button
80 off from where it normally is what a
guy does it not also look like one of
those devices use in hospitals to bring
people back to life like except this
might actually be the thing that kills
me okay so this is Call of Duty
mobile none of the controls work so
settings oh my God the res ution of the
screen is so poor I can barely read the
text in the menus it's just such a lazy
product they haven't done like the base
layer of programming required to make
these controls detectable in most games
well I guess what soldja boy said was
true in life you either Crank that
soldja boy or he cranks you and we're
the ones you got cranked here you get a
very prestigious zero out of 10 not even
on the
board okay we are in the tens of
millions at this point I think it's
pretty fair to say that anyone Beyond
this point is like world famous starting
with Harry Kane who's kind of a football
legend this guy scored 66 goals in his
98 International appearances making him
the highest goal scorer ever for England
and basically meaning that in any given
game he is more likely to score than to
not score which feels like a wild
statistic so with all his Goodwill Kane
has recently launched his own brand of
sustainable Electronics called our Pure
Planet there's like a hundred things
here from them I'm going to pick one of
them let's review the speaker I got to
say Kane this website feels completely
dead very much like some eagle-eyed
business person has seen some
well-priced generic Tech from China they
want to drop ship it to wealthy
westerners but then realized they needed
a name to push it so he said hey Harry
can we borrow you for a day to do a
photo shoot with them I mean every
single one of these photos is shot with
Harry Kane in one of two outfits so I'm
now thinking 2hour photo shoot Max you
know what's making me think this is it's
just the fact that these products look
so soulless they have no identity or
consistency Beyond just this one logo so
I guess if these have been designed from
scratch then Harry buddy you got to get
yourself a new
designer oh no that is the epitome of
generic startup sounds it's like they
picked from the generic speaker bingo
card this is just so lazy I can't
believe it I don't know if you're going
to get Harry Kane have him say Bluetooth
mode on it would add some value have you
heard him speak well I've not seen the
pen back but from my point of view do
look like
[Music]
okay so you've got one set of speakers
facing this way one set facing this way
so you have some directional audio it
doesn't sound terrible but at the same
time I have heard $30 speakers that have
more detail than this nothing about this
Tech feels at all worth $130 I guess the
only saving grace is how much you value
the sustainability they say that every
single speaker is 100% carbon neutral
and 200% plastic regenerative but
there's always an asterisk with these
things no one is saving the planet by
buying speakers if you actually care
about sustainability buy a used one on
eBay so boring product not very good for
the price you sir have earned yourself a
four at 18 million followers well before
he got suspended and then eventually
deactivated his Instagram account it's
Kanye West or I guess yay nowadays and
his stem player speaker now we have
actually covered one of these before in
one of our gadgets videos but I think
this thing is fascinating it looks like
an alien it feels like a bag of skin but
hidden inside is actually an artificial
intelligence that can take any song and
break it down into its various different
stems like the Baseline drums vocals Etc
allowing you to control each one of them
on the Fly power it on it's actually
such a cool looking product so I'm
playing a song right now and you can see
in real time stripping out the various
individual elements so that right there
is the
drums that's the melody
it does feel just a little bit like
magic the problem though is well a it's
not a good sounding speaker considering
the price you pay for it it actually
makes Harry kanes look like good value
oh and also the only way to load music
onto it is to use the stem player
website which processes the track and
then you have to download it and put it
onto your stem player manually pretty
much immediately relegating this to cool
toy that you probably won't use so I was
thinking a six just because of how cool
the thing is but minus one point for
trying to make his d 2 album exclusive
to the stem player effectively charging
people $200 just to listen to it now
from someone who well still has
Instagram it's the actress Drew
Barrymore and this lady has done a lot
you know the little girl in the ET movie
that's her host of her own talk show
that's her one of Charlie's Angels yeah
still her and now add to that list owner
of the company Beautiful by Drew who
made this popcorn
machine I got to say though not the
highest quality better kit it feels like
most celebrity products by default go
specifically for luxury whereas this
feels quite light and cheap which is
fair enough it's only $34 but I guess I
don't think you'll find this proudly
displayed in Drew Barrymore's kitchen as
her pride and joy so one measure of
popcorn goes in there I actually skipped
dessert today so this is kind of
perfect and this also now apparently
doubles as a butter melting tray yes
please oh wow okay we're cooking with
gas oh my goodness you can see the
cyclone in action the seeds are actually
rotating and this is actually the air
fryer of popcorn machines I guess
because instead of oil it uses cyclonic
airflow technology which is the same
principle that dys and fans use
supposedly to maintain even cooking
temperature throughout it's definitely
not an immediate process it
is oh wait wait uh Joseph this is
smoking oh
God okay I'm going to turn that off wow
I think we got it working again wait why
is it why is the entire thing put it in
butter I wanted that on my popcorn not
my machine all right we're smoking up
again on the inside I'm going to call it
there well I got to say pretty terrible
impression of this product so far none
of it has reached my
bowl oh God still smells good I'll give
it that melted butter oh
wo then actually little top tip for
homemade popcorn cinnamon butter and
sugar add some of that on top all right
Drew
give me like
five bu Mor cheers that was delicious
but I take 100% of the credit that was
not delicious because of Drew Barrymore
and her cheaply made oil covered
Transformer destroying half cooking
popcorn machine drewberry
no two Barry more Hillary Duff is up
next actress singer author and
businesswoman with 26.9 million
followers so she is officially ahead of
our YouTube channel which I'm sure she's
had a big celebration about watch out
though I might just have to build
world's largest Hillary Duff and her
company below 60 has built their own
Cent diffuser and I thought this was
interesting below 60 isn't referring to
degrees of temperature instead it refers
to 60 south of the Equator a Latitude
that encompasses only ocean near
Antarctica which is supposedly where the
freshest air on Earth is the website
says this thing redefines fragrance
design with the following features oh
yeah so there's a magnet on the plug and
the fragrance just snaps in place
although it is leaking I mean the one
job of a container is to stop it doing
that okay adjustable horizontal and
vertical plug so you can just take this
and snap it into two different
orientations which I have to say is kind
of a genius idea cuz like because the
scenter diffuser is kind of thick you'll
want to be able to rotate it away from
the plug next to it just so it doesn't
obstruct it and then fragrance strength
control well that's a bit of a stretch
it's got high low and off so there's
three different scents there's if Citrus
were a
feeling it's got like orange and lime
and Sandalwood and spices mint disco on
ice smells like a spa mixed with a candy
shop so good vanilla buys a time share
in
Paradise H that's like a panina colada
it's nice okay so the scents are like
addictively good the only question on my
mind is is this actually any better than
a cheaper simpler and frankly more
aesthetic pleasing readed diffuser in
theory this is meant to gently warm your
fragrances to encourage evaporation but
let's come back later to find out if
that's true or not Olivia Rodrigo a name
you probably never heard a few years ago
and now you can't stop hearing about
with
37.8 million followers has collaborated
with Sony to design her version of the
link buds which feels like a pretty off
thee beaten path cultured choice or you
know Sony offered her a bucket load of
cash so this whole purple exteror is her
signature color U but to be very honest
I don't think she's done a very good job
with it maybe it was meant to look
pearlescent and like a piece of jewelry
but to me it just looks like a used
pencil erazor at least it is using
recycled materials cuz like you can tell
one thing though that I think is really
cool and might be able to save it is two
custom sound profiles tuned by Rodrigo
and her producer for the optimal
listening experience of her albums guts
and sour and I guess there is something
really cool about knowing that you're
getting the exact same audio experience
that she's had and that she endorses for
her own music let's give it a go so
right now I'm listening to her sour
album without the sour sound profile H I
would say the earphones sound pretty
good but they're a little bit flat they
don't have the base response that I
would want and also I think part of it
is on her album I think it's not
recorded in the best environment for
optimal listening you know there's some
artists who when you listen to their
tracks on really good earphones you just
know that they've obsessed over
recording the track right let's switch
over to the sour sound profile H
okay I changed my mind it's actually
kind of lazy they both sound basically
the same as each other and they both
sound almost the same as just the flat
neutral sound profile so I guess the
idea is cool but it's not enough to make
it a unique proposition nor is it enough
to make not so great earphones sound
amazing so I would say it's not a
scandal but she's taken a pretty
mediocre product and to be honest with
this design she's actually made it
slightly worse so I think you can have a
four wow this is actually a really poor
show is anyone even going to reach the
upper
half now just before we get to the top
three celebrities the ones with hundreds
of millions of followers turns out that
Will Smith is actually the global
Ambassador for insta 360 this video
sponsor and they have absolutely nailed
it with their new X4 camera for two
reasons one you know that famous bending
over backward scene from The Matrix
movie well they use no fewer than 120
photo cameras all around to capture
every single angle equipment totaling
well over
$200,000 the insta 360 X4 allows you to
achieve the same bullet time effect with
one camera and it records that at 5.7k
resolution but there is more so we give
this a little Kickstart to get it going
and then pull down the trigger oh oh oh
oh my God Fernando uh-oh uh-oh how do
you stare this how do you steare this
okay
abandon two the the whole benefit of 360
cameras is that they record every single
angle at once so you never miss anything
the downside is that this often adds an
extra step cuz you might want to go
through and tweak which way the camera
is looking at every single point but now
you don't even have to do that anymore
because the AI editing will do it for
you in seconds so check out the link in
the description for the insta 360x 4 a
10% discount a free bullet time handle
and an invisible selfie stick so the
scooter is it's fun I think this is me
realizing that I really like E Scooters
as opposed to I really like Alonzo's
product it's pretty standard like I mean
there's a light which we've seen a lot
of very bright flashlights on this
channel this isn't really one of them
and there's just not many bells and
whistles to it except that one but it's
got a kick oh no ram
ram I think you can have our first ever
six out of 10 right we're in the big
leagues now with 121 million followers
It's Real Madrid footballer Killian
mbappe and he has also released a
portable speaker but this one's very
promising with 100 watts of Music power
compared to I'd guess the 30 watts of
Harry Kane speaker and the three watts
of the speakers inside your phone holy
moly the color on this thing a slightly
hilarious attempt at branding on their
website inspired by the sporting
achievements of football star Killian
mbappe we've made a speaker I mean the
guy's a fantastic dribbler but how did
you get to speaker from there this one
is pretty exciting because the company
that manufactures it is called L they're
a luxury Speaker Company they have a
normal Bluetooth speaker which cost 99
but then with mbappe they've worked
together to design the pro which is 249
so are we being scammed or has Killian
gone and scored oh this is actually
super unique there's a touch bar on the
actual body of the speaker that allows
you to adjust the volume the base and
the treble although do they not think to
put a slightly brighter LED on the
inside considering you can see the rest
of the speaker from the moon so let's
take it for a
spin oh okay you really feel the the
thump that comes with 100 watts of
amplification here your base is going up
now going all the way God uh okay so
this is a good powerful speaker but it's
exactly what it looks like you know when
you see this Basse slider that you can
adjust to some infinite degree it makes
you think that it's going to be one of
those speakers like the dvla Phantom
that I tested a while ago that can just
completely defy its Dimensions this is
not that when you dial up the bass it
literally just tweaks a software setting
that adds in more base at the cost of
everything else and it sounds kind of
Muddy adjusting The Equalizer with your
music is not some sort of magic trick
that makes music sound better and that's
all this is really but you know decent
sound it's water and temperature
resistant it's got 24-hour battery life
it doubles as a power bank and well
you're not going to lose it all right G
on then 6 out of 10 basically just for
doing what you say on the tin number two
then is none other than Kim Kardashian
we're now at levels of Fame that I don't
even understand like how does one even
start to get 361 million Instagram
followers but anyway she has worked
together with Beats by Dre to create her
own custom version of The Studio Pros so
she's launched this in three colors all
personally curated by her called Moon
Dune and Earth what is up with Kim
Kardashian trying to turn the entire
world flesh toned actually can't decide
if I like it or not it makes it look and
feel very premium but at the same time
time it makes me feel like I'm carrying
around a bag of foundation wherever I go
and then you've also got this custom
cable which weaves together the Fabrics
of all three of the colors she's made so
that they only have to make one cable
for all three products let's give him a
listen I actually haven't tested beats
in a while but these are not the
products they used to be they're
actually easily the best sounding audio
products in this entire video but don't
get too excited nothing's been over a
six so obviously Kim Kardashian didn't
make beats but she pck a good product to
partner with and she made it look better
for some people so congratulations Kim
you're the proud recipient of a s out of
oh wa that is nice not subtle at all and
I love it oh yeah it's definitely warmed
up which is just going to accelerate the
natural evaporation process only thing
that how on Earth are we already like
halfway through the fragrance like when
I bought this reed diffuser this was
full to the brim with fragrance so
that's like 10 times the volume of this
little cartridge so I guess it's here
for a good time not a long time yeah I
could see this becoming a very expensive
hobby to keep fueling but she's made her
own company it's not a Rebrand of
someone else's product and it does what
it says on the tin better than basically
any other scent diffuser I've tried so
you can have a high eight not a dff you
want to know who we have at the very top
though it's well arguably the most
famous person on the planet Cristiano
Ronaldo who also happens to be the
co-founder and face of consumer
electronics brand Rock and also now the
fastest growing YouTube channel of all
time what does this say rock is more
than my brand it's a reflection of my
mission to live life loud okay so he's
all in on this apparently and these are
his earphones and so what kind of
earphones does the most famous person on
the planet use well I hope he uses his
own earphones it'd be pretty funny if
he's actually just an airpods guy
although oh my goodness me this is
Photoshop you can very clearly see that
the earphones have been added into the
image afterwards I don't think there's a
single photo of him actually using these
this looks like a render too well that's
not a good start okay the fit is secure
thanks to these fins that kind of Lodge
themselves in your ears that makes sense
he plays football he doesn't want them
to fall out while he's
running oh man that's not the best
really is it this is like this is the
definition of fine the thing is right
it's not expensive to make decent in
earphones and that is all these are
they're just very Baseline in quality
like even though these are priced at
like $130 $140 I'm genuinely thinking $7
manufacturing cost there's nothing about
the sound or the feel or the technology
on offer here that makes it any more
sophisticated than that they did also
say that this cable has Kevlar embedded
inside of it which you shouldn't be able
to cut very easily sorry
Ronaldo it was Zero resistance so the
product works it's just grossly
overpriced for what it is and also kind
of misleading with the way it's marketed
two out of 10 there of an own gold that
one so there you have it this video was
a little different so let me know if you
liked it and if you want to see a
followup with YouTuber products